he should still give people
the believe one rides here in the Far East
give monkeys sugar and uses the art
theirs as a means of transport and me
I am very happy that he is here
to look for a bit of international understanding
can
because my ladies and gentlemen here
are chimpanzees and what you are in
Japan Island looks like and
Sheen can call herself
change is
hansen apes at the things on each one
fall on austria on the way out of the
quickly under who now on the way
from tokio
in the old imperial city Kyoto distance
of 500 kilometers and that's what it takes
dance with 300 things
two pieces
countless draw
in the eye
come
wieland
maybe pull
Of course this is a sight you
Do not just pass by
let the holy mountain fuji lies
on our way to tomorrow
sunrise a bit more accurate
look at
until then I have me first
quartered in a so-called
Win a traditional and yes
very simple Japanese
of course if the
shoes parked at the entrance and against
a few pushes the exchanged for
European relations are also almost
fit
much more interesting , though
that the pushes pulled out again
if you have to go to the toilet
because there is actually your own pc load
there you can go through a bit
to get the wings
in mexico
free paulis
if you really are not a fan of early
get up and even moderately from
exotic breakfast but if one of the
fuji and 6 o'clock in the morning in pink
then you still have dress
definitely seen worse
we are tired of it
the journey through japan continues like
We promised to go to kyoto and have a go
old custom will be explored by
to have bhs evaluated with soybeans
is okay, I'm doing everything
I just hope that the dinger trade
have consistency as those of the early
morning